com/example/karsa/helper/Artikel1HelperClass.java
 com.example.karsa.helper.Artikel1HelperClass
com/example/karsa/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/karsa/fragment/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.karsa.fragment.ProfileFragment
 com.example.karsa.fragment.ProfileFragment$1
com/example/karsa/databinding/ActivityInputSampelBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.ActivityInputSampelBinding
com/example/karsa/MainActivity.java
 com.example.karsa.MainActivity
 com.example.karsa.MainActivity$1
 com.example.karsa.MainActivity$2
com/example/karsa/fragment/InfoFragment.java
 com.example.karsa.fragment.InfoFragment
com/example/karsa/data/InputSampel.java
 com.example.karsa.data.InputSampel
com/example/karsa/data/Model.java
 com.example.karsa.data.Model
com/example/karsa/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.karsa.HomeActivity
com/example/karsa/fragment/ArtikelFragment.java
 com.example.karsa.fragment.ArtikelFragment
com/example/karsa/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/karsa/adapter/AdapterArtikel2.java
 com.example.karsa.adapter.AdapterArtikel2
 com.example.karsa.adapter.AdapterArtikel2$Artikel2ViewHolder
com/example/karsa/databinding/FormInputSampelBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.FormInputSampelBinding
com/example/karsa/databinding/FragmentInfoBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.FragmentInfoBinding
com/example/karsa/databinding/ActivityFiturDeteksiBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.ActivityFiturDeteksiBinding
com/example/karsa/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/karsa/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.karsa.LoginActivity
com/example/karsa/FiturDeteksiActivity.java
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$1
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$2
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$3
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$4
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$5
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$6
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$7
 com.example.karsa.FiturDeteksiActivity$8
com/example/karsa/data/DialogForm.java
 com.example.karsa.data.DialogForm
 com.example.karsa.data.DialogForm$1
 com.example.karsa.data.DialogForm$2
 com.example.karsa.data.DialogForm$3
 com.example.karsa.data.DialogForm$4
 com.example.karsa.data.DialogForm$5
 com.example.karsa.data.DialogForm$5$1
com/example/karsa/databinding/ListArtikel2Binding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.ListArtikel2Binding
com/example/karsa/helper/Artikel2HelperClass.java
 com.example.karsa.helper.Artikel2HelperClass
com/example/karsa/fragment/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.karsa.fragment.HomeFragment
 com.example.karsa.fragment.HomeFragment$1
com/example/karsa/TensorFlowImageClassifier/TensorFlowImageClassifier.java
 com.example.karsa.TensorFlowImageClassifier.TensorFlowImageClassifier
 com.example.karsa.TensorFlowImageClassifier.TensorFlowImageClassifier$1
com/example/karsa/TensorFlowImageClassifier/Classifier.java
 com.example.karsa.TensorFlowImageClassifier.Classifier
 com.example.karsa.TensorFlowImageClassifier.Classifier$Recognition
com/example/karsa/databinding/ListArtikel1Binding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.ListArtikel1Binding
com/example/karsa/databinding/FragmentArtikelBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.FragmentArtikelBinding
com/example/karsa/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/karsa/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.karsa.BuildConfig
com/example/karsa/adapter/AdapterArtikel1.java
 com.example.karsa.adapter.AdapterArtikel1
 com.example.karsa.adapter.AdapterArtikel1$Artikel1ViewHolder
com/example/karsa/InputSampelActivity.java
 com.example.karsa.InputSampelActivity
 com.example.karsa.InputSampelActivity$1
 com.example.karsa.InputSampelActivity$2
com/example/karsa/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.karsa.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
